TWC2021 Wiki and News article (#4909)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-02-04-twc-2021-registrations-open.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!taiko World Cup 2021: Registrations now open!"
date: 2020-02-04 15:00:00 +0000
---

> Is that time once again, dons and kats being tested into patterns that masters can only hit. The osu!taiko World Cup returns for its eleventh installment! If you think you can join them, the Registration Phase is now open, so sign up today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's that time once again. Dons and kats are being tested into patterns that only masters can hit. The osu!taiko World Cup returns for its eleventh installment! If you think you can join them, the Registration Phase is now open, so sign up today!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/TWC_2021.jpg)

For more details, please refer to the **[osu!taiko World Cup 2021 wiki article](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2021)**.
You can discuss this event and follow the most important changes in the **[official discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1241159)**.

> ## Tournament Schedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tournament schedule
```

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration Phase | Feb 4th – Feb 18th |
| Drawings | Feb 27th (14:00 UTC) |
| Group Stage | Mar 6th & Mar 7th |
| Round of 16 | Mar 13th & Mar 14th |
| Quarterfinals | Mar 20th & Mar 21st |
| Semifinals | Mar 27th & Mar 28th |
| Finals | Apr 3rd & Apr 4th |
| Grand Finals | Apr 10th & Apr 11th |

## Prizes

- **1st:** $150 per team member, profile badge, "osu!taiko Champion" user title for one year
- **2nd:** $80 per team member, profile badge
- **3rd:** $40 per team member, profile badge

## How do I register?

- **[Click here to sign-up!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/tournaments/27)**

> - Do not create teams in advance! Teams will be formed by each country's team captain after the Registration Phase has concluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not create teams in advance! Teams will be formed by each country's team captain after the Registration Phase is concluded.
```
or "has been concluded". In any case, passive voice usage seems to be necessary here.

- Submit your registration before the **18th of February.**

> Please note: you may only participate if your **osu!taiko Global Ranking is #5000 or higher, and have not violated the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) in the past 12 months**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that you may only participate if your **osu!taiko Global Ranking is #5000 or higher, and you have not violated the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules) in the past 12 months**.
```
otherwise, it would be understood as if their ranking was supposed to not violate the rules.

> If your registration successfully passes our evaluation, you will be placed onto the candidate list for your country. Whenever a captain for your country has been assigned, the list will be sent to them. This may take a while, so please be patient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your registration is evaluated successfully, you will be placed onto the candidate list for your country. When a captain has been assigned to your country, the list will be submitted to them. This may take a while, so please be patient.
```
felt the need to simplify this clause a little, just a suggestion
